This file contain all sort of per personal information about Angel.

Her official name is Angel (Zhi) Yu 
She was born in 10/1/1985
She was botn in Suzhou, China
She is based in Singapore, she has been here now for many years - moved here with a past boyfriend from Australia
When she was young her family moved to Sydney, wheere she grew up and studied
Her first real BF came from the high school, but they started to officially date only after high school graduiation
They were together for a long time, about 7 years
They left amicably, although he was heartbroken
After that first, she had 2 major other releationships, of similar duration
The last one, they broke up in Dec '24
She was very unhappy of him being emotionally unavaible, unstable emotionally, and generally not taking care for her
She cannot drive a car
She likes to snack a lot, especially at night when she works
She wear reading glasses, mostly when she works in front of her pc
She works as a commodities trader / investor at Tamasek in Singap[ore, focusing on commodieties
This leads her to travel a lot around the world, often to assess prospect investments
When working she always travek business
She tends to show up at the airport last minute
She usually travel with lots of luggage, she likes to keep a lot of optionality on clothing when travelling
When flying, she can sleep well, often pulling a blanket on top of her head
She suffer from iron anemia, which flares every now and then and when happens she feels very tired and dizzy
Her mum started suffering from an acute mental / psycological condition a few years ago. 
Her mum was put in an hospital at some point, but now she stays home. Often she stops taking her madications.
Her mum as part of her conditions accuses her husbund of doing bad things to her, which is not true
Angel is very conflicted about her mum, she wishes she could do more. She is also very worried she will turn like her.
Angel particularly likes house and trance music. She like going to festivals.
During her life she often made use of light drugs, especially when partying. She is ok with it.
Her dad is a great person, and her super hero. He takes great care of her mum, despite her conditions.
She like white, blue colors
She does not like horror movies
She says she is not very good at sport that require coordination, but actually she did very well when we started playing squah together
She has a tendency to stay up way too late in the night, often watching TV series and snacking
She is pretty fit. She works out by herself in a gym near her place, doing a mix of cardio on treadmill and body weight
I passed her HSV2
We have sex usually without condom
It's mostly her friends reaching out to her to keep in touch, not vice versa
She has moved in a new place beginning of the year 25 and procastinated since furnishing fully the place
She does not drink much alchool, when we are out on dinner most ofter she just have water
Alchool in the evening makes it harder for her to sleep
She is not a tea person
Her go to bar drink is skim latte
She likes dogs very very much
She likes to be spoiled a bit
She prefers when her partner or even friends take the lead
She does not usually read books for entertainment
She rarely watches movies at home by herself, more TV shows
She has the good habit of drinking a lot of water during the day
She really enjoyed my large ultra wide monitor when she worked at my place one day and used it
When she travel around she carries a portable usb monitor to connect to her laptop as secondary screen, to have more screen real estate
She has an helper that comes to her place every week, doing mostly house cleaning, ironing etc.
She uses an iPhone, one 2 generations old which she plans to change in Q3 25
She uses AirPods including at the gym
She is a big fan of her Whoop tracking bracelet, she monitors carefully her own sleep pattern
She actually eat quite a lot when we go out for dinner, despite her relatively small figure
She likes a lot to eat fresh fruit, and always has plenty in her fridge
She does not play any musical instrument
She uses Instagram quite a bit, her circle of friends also shares there various posts on quotes, events etc
She does not wake up super early in the morning, for example she was quite surprised i wake up at 6.20am to workout at 7am
She generally likes her job and cares a lot about it, aiming to do well
She played tennis a bit in the past, not regularly now, begineer level
She likes a lot to snowboard, most often in Japan
Her first bf was named John, he proposed to her
When i made a comment a few days agp that she looker very different anf a bit chbby 10 years ago from photo, she got very sensitive and questioned if i really like her
When at home she often drinks hot water
she just moved in her new place in April 25, after splitting with her past bf in december. she is on a 2 years lease.
She to go on spa days, maddage sauna etc. We went to one in an hotel here in singapore and was great
She isvery often worried my love passion and commitment towards her will fade with time, she says might be a function of her past experience
She really enjoys using her external portable monitor to have 2 screens when using her laptop, and would like another one withe a double external screen 
She really love dogs and cats. When in Italy this yeat she would stop often pedding and playing with cats, taking photos
We travelled together in Sorrento and Capri for a week in October 2025. Was a memorable trip, we both enjoyed a lot. Only hiccup was the noisy first 2 nights stay, due to work in progress
She enjoyed a lot the risotto we had in Capri.
She enjoyed a lot the boat ride we took we had around Capri, which stopped over the nice spots and as we took a lot of pictures 
We enjoyed a lot our multiople hikes around sorrento and capri, walking sometimes on steep routes, explorig the island 
She is very very careful about danget of UV light, always raccomends to put a lot of sunscreen
While in Capri we had a convo about the importance of being clear about our plans to have a kid, after i came inside her without a well discused agreement. We aligned we both want a kid tegether, but she needs to do some exams first
Whe asked me to help dealing with her difficult agent, as she will soon need to ask a way to leave her unit to go leaving together before lease end
She is super conscious about the amount of sleeps she gets, she feels 8 hours is very important to her
She loves using the Whoop tracker
We flew business to London (from Singapore) on the way to Capri, was super confy
She told me for the first time she loves me around end of September 2025
Me and Angel officially started our relationship on 20th July 2025




